Adding more information to in-memory caching (#415)
octobercms/docs: database-model.md

When requesting data from the database the model will retrieve values primarily using the `get` or `first` methods, depending on whether you wish to [retrieve multiple models](#retrieving-multiple-models) or [retrieve a single model](#retrieving-single-models) respectively. Queries that derive from a Model return an instance of [October\Rain\Database\Builder](../api/october/rain/database/builder).

> > **Note**: All model queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. Use `reload` method to flush this cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: All model queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. Use `reload` function to flush in-memory cache.
```

> > **Note**: All model queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. Use `reload` method to flush in-memory cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: All model queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. While the cache should automatically invalidate itself most of the time, sometimes you will need to use the `$model->reload()` method to flush the cache for more complex use cases.
```
